use real code to generate output for the examples. A few other edits (#16)
python/exceptiongroups: except_star.md

   ------------------------------------------------------------
   TypeError: 1
   ------------------------------------------------------------
   ExceptionGroup: two
      ------------------------------------------------------------
      TypeError: 2
>>> traceback.print_exception(other_errors)
ExceptionGroup: one
   ------------------------------------------------------------
   ExceptionGroup: two
      ------------------------------------------------------------
      ValueError: 3
   ------------------------------------------------------------
   ExceptionGroup: three
      ------------------------------------------------------------
      OSError: 4
>>>
```

The original `eg` is unchanged by `subgroup` or `split`. If it, or any
nested `ExceptionGroup` is not included in the result in full, a new
`ExceptionGroup` is created, containing a subset of the exceptions in
its `errors` list. This partition is done recursively, so potentially
the entire exception tree is copied. There is no need to copy the leaf
exceptions and the metadata elements (cause, context, traceback).

If a split is trivial (one side is empty), then None is returned for the
other size:

```python

> >>> other_errors.split(lambda e: isinstance(e, SyntaxError))

Reviewer: I forget where we landed on copying or preserving the original if possible in this case. I think we ended up always copying? Might be worth pointing out that `other_errors.split(SyntaxError) is not other_errors` (even though they have the same repr()).

Author: In the POC at the moment we don't copy an EG if we don't need to, and we never copy a simple (leaf) exception. Should we change that?

Reviewer: Oh, I forgot. This is fine but should be called out in the PEP -- because it means that people should be wary of mutating the list of exceptions (you already say that the naked exceptions themselves are shared).

## Semantics

### Overview

> 

Reviewer: I just red the text below carefully. Maybe you should call out that one big difference with classic try/except is that if there are multiple `except *` blocks, several of them may be executed? That's clear from the description, but I would still call it out as a key difference.

got some TypeErrors: ExceptionGroup('msg', [TypeError('b'), TypeError('c')])
```

and then terminate raising the following `ExceptionGroup` containing the
exceptions that were not handled or were caught and reraised:

```
ExceptionGroup(
  "msg",
  [KeyError('e'),     # unhandled
   TypeError('b'),    # reraised
   TypeError('c')]    # reraised
)
```

Basically, before interpreting `except *` clauses, the interpreter will
have an "incoming" `ExceptionGroup` object with a list of exceptions in it
to handle, and then:

* The interpreter creates two new empty result lists for any exceptions that
will be raised in the except* blocks: a "reraised" list for the naked raises
and a "raised" list of the parameterised raises. It also saves the original
"incoming" group which it uses in the end, if necessary, to combine the
reraised exceptions into the same structure.

* Every `except *` clause, run from top to bottom, can match a subset of the
  exceptions out of the "incoming" group, forming a "working set" of errors for
  the current clause (the value of `sys.exc_info()` while the clause is
  executed).  These exceptions are removed from the "incoming" group so

>   that they will be excluded from matching additional clauses.

Reviewer: Is removing some exceptions from the incoming group an efficient operation? It looks like this is best done using .split() or .subgroup(); is that how you do it? If there are N `except *` clauses that match, is this process O(N), better or worse?

Author: This is done with a split. Each except* is one split operation (so N*size_of_EG in total).

At the end there is another step where we construct the EG to propagate on.   I did it like this:
We have the original EG that was raised, the remaining part of it that was never matched, and a list of all the exceptions that were raised or reraised from except* blocks.
1. Iterate over the list, and use the metadata to determine whether these are reraises (same metadata) or raises of new exceptions.   O(N)
2. Start with original EG and split off all the reraised exceptions and then also the unhandled exception. What's left is the part of the original EG that was swallowed by the except*s.   O(N*size_of_EG)
3. Split the swallowed part off the original EG, now we have all the reraised exceptins in the right structure.  O(size_of_EG)
4. Merge that with the rasied exceptions into a new EG and raise that.  O(1)

(and handle special cases where some of these steps are empty/trivial/skipped).

However - I don't know how much of the implementation details of the POC should go into the PEP.  There may be other possible implementations.

Author: For example - ~I didn't use two lists or raised/reraised exceptions as it says above, because I wrapped the body of each except* with another try-except which catches the exception and stashes it in the one list. (At the point where it is caught I don't know whether it was a raise or a reraise - I figure out later by comparing the metadata).

There could perhaps be a different implementation where the raise is intercepted as it happens and then you do know which one it is. The semantics are the same.

Do we propose an implementation in the PEP, so leave it open and just stick to semantics?

Reviewer: I am mostly concerned about the semantics. The user code cannot tell whether you use a list or not. I am also not really concerned about perf (nobody has 100 except clauses). But sometimes the semantics are clearer if you describe them in terms other operations that you have already described. And sometimes pseudo-code is more readable than English text. So if the steps 1-4 above could be expressed simply in pseudo-Python that might be helpful (even if you keep the English text as well).

In any case I'm a little unclear about what you call "the metadata". Is that user-visible?

Author: metadata is (context, cause, traceback).  If an exception came from `raise e` inside an `except*` clause it has different metadata than the original EG, but if it came from a naked `raise` then it is the same.

Reviewer: Got it.  If you use this term in the document I would explain it first (I don't think it's standard).

  If an except block raises an exception, that exception is added to the
  appropriate result list ("raised" or "reraised"), and in the case of "raise"
  it gets its "working set" of errors linked to it via the `__context__`
  attribute.

> * After all `except*` clause were evaluated, there are the following

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* After all `except*` clause have been evaluated, there are the following
```

>  possibilities:

Reviewer: Reading the numbered items carefully, they seem not exclusive -- it's more like there are three steps that are carried out in order? (To me, "possibilities" makes me anticipate three exclusive situations.)

exceptions propagate.

Raising exceptions while handling an `ExceptionGroup` introduces nesting

> because the traceback and chaining information need to be maintained:

Reviewer: I'd keep "needs".
